for eight twelve sixteen hundred
horsepower all outwards all in the
transom of a brand new 43 foot boat and
you are never going to guess who built
this this is for sure a formula this is
an all-new 430 SSC and it's powered by
outboards now the stern of the boat
isn't the only place you're going to
find unusual things up here in the bow
which is so large they prefer to call it
a bow cockpit as opposed to saying this
is a bow rider and I think that's
accurate up here you also have this
table all I got to do is press a button
yet another unusual feature is the
actual design of the cabin in this boat
you can see it's offset it's off to one
side the walkway goes down the side not
through the middle as would be the case
in many boats with pal cockpits that
allows for angular to really maximize
the space both above decks and down
below so look you've been at the boat
show all day tell me has this boat been
getting much interest all day long
non-stop traffic how about that and I
tell you what after looking at the 430
SSE I got to say this is quite an
interesting boat if you're looking for a
cruiser in this size range come on over
to boats calm read all about it check
this one out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters